`ldrs` Local Disordered Region Sampling and `resre` Renaming Residues Client (#231)
julie-forman-kay-lab/IDPConformerGenerator: example/slc26a9_example/README.rst

intrinsically disordered region::

    idpconfgen ldrs \
        -db <PATH TO DATABASE.JSON> \
        -seq slc26a9_example.fasta \
        -etbb 100 \
        -etss 250 \
        -nc 50 \
        --dloop-off \
        --dany \
        -fld 7CH1_SLC26A9.pdb \
        -of ./slc26a9_ldrs_ANY_faspr \
        -n

From the `.fasta` file, the ``ldrs`` subclient will automatically identify the
N-IDR, the C-IDR, and any IDRs missing between folded domains; and construct
those.

Advanced LDRS Usage
-------------------

For those more proficient in Python, the modularity of LDRS allows users access
to **advanced features** that we describe here. Such features include profiting
from better parallelization that allows modeling longer IDRs in a shorter time
(e.g., 221 residues in one or two days). Here, we explain how to use the
modularity of IDPConformerGenerator to exploit its total capacity for modeling
IDRs by writing two new Python scripts that import IDPConfGen machinery.

The logic behind the LDRS subclient for modeling and IDR connecting two folded
domains assumes that we have an N-IDR-like case at the C-terminal region of the

> chain break and a C-IDR-like case at the N-terminal region of the other chain
> break. Thus, when defining the IDR sequence in the fast file given to the `-seq`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first folded domain and a C-IDR-like case at the N-terminal region of the second
domain. Thus, when defining the IDR sequence in the fast file given to the `-seq`
```
